Replace some w3.org/TR links with editor drafts (#39683)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/anatomy/index.md

## Building a more optimized main loop in JavaScript

> Ultimately, in JavaScript, the browser is running its own main loop and your code exists in some of its stages. The above sections describe main loops which try not to wrestle away control from the browser. These main methods attach themselves to `window.requestAnimationFrame()`, which asks the browser for control over the upcoming frame. It is up to the browser how to relate these requests to their main loop. The [HTML spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/imagebitmap-and-animations.html#dom-animationframeprovider-requestanimationframe) does not really define exactly when the browsers must perform the `requestAnimationFrame` callbacks. This can be a benefit because it leaves browser vendors free to experiment with the solutions that they feel are best and tweak it over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ultimately, in JavaScript, the browser is running its own main loop and your code exists in some of its stages. The above sections describe main loops that avoid taking control away from the browser. These main methods attach themselves to `window.requestAnimationFrame()`, which asks the browser for control over the upcoming frame. It is up to the browser how to relate these requests to its main loop. The [HTML spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/imagebitmap-and-animations.html#dom-animationframeprovider-requestanimationframe) does not really define exactly when the browsers must perform the `requestAnimationFrame` callbacks. This can be a benefit because it leaves browser vendors free to experiment with the solutions that they feel are best and tweak them over time.
```
